# Intellihack2.0-Master-competition
The IEEE Computer Society Student Branch Chapter of the University of Colombo School of Computing proudly presents “IntelliHack 2.0”, one of the year’s most anticipated events, with the primary goal of introducing contestants to the concept of Machine Learning, or the use of artificial intelligence to create self-learning systems. The event was first conducted in 2019 and was the first-ever machine learning hackathon in Sri Lanka. Undergraduates from the top universities on the island competed, and we were able to conduct the hackathon with immense success with the help of Sri Lanka’s top leading companies.

We were planned to carry on that legacy by organizing the Intellihack 2.0 for the second time this year. The hackathon, which includes several phases and sub-events, is aimed to provide participants with a strong understanding of machine learning so that they can come up with solutions that help them make better judgments. As the notion of Machine Learning evolves in every part of the globe, the skills gained through this event will be vital in the future.

IntelliHack Master is another individual competition of IntelliHack 2.0, which is newly introduced this year. It is going parallelly via Kaggle and all registered individuals will have to face the challenges related to machine learning weekly. A leaderboard will be maintained throughout the competition for two weeks, and all you have to do is, solve problems, raise yourself to the top of the leaderboard. The winner will be awarded the IntelliHack Master title with valuable prizes.